Note for Elastic Security users added to 7.x to 9.x upgrade doc (#4391)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/upgrade/deployment-or-cluster/upgrade-717.md

It's highly recommended to start this upgrade from the latest 7.17.x patch release to ensure that you’re using the most recent version of the Elastic Upgrade Assistant. You should also upgrade to the latest available 8.19.x patch release so that the same benefits apply when you later upgrade to 9.x.

> :::::{note}

Reviewer: me jumping on PR reviews:
![pr-reviews](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/53448f99-24c2-42eb-9834-7709bbe31a26)

> If you use the [{{elastic-sec}} solution](/solutions/security.md), read the full [Upgrade {{elastic-sec}} from 7.17 to 8.x](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.19/upgrade-7.17-8x.html) guide when planning the upgrade.

Reviewer 2: perhaps this should be a `warning`? 

```suggestion
If you use the [{{elastic-sec}} solution](/solutions/security.md), then you need to perform additional steps as part of the upgrade process. Review [Upgrade {{elastic-sec}} from 7.17 to 8.x](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.19/upgrade-7.17-8x.html) before you begin your upgrade.
```

Reviewer: I'm in favor of switching the admonition to a warning and using the stronger, more direct language. There's a good amount of pre and post checks that users will need to complete when moving from 7.17->8.x, so the more emphasis, the better.

In particular:

> * Export all custom detection rules as a backup before upgrading, in case there are issues with the detection engine after the upgrade.

Author: It's mentioned as part of the upgrade process, before starting the upgrade. Because of it being kind of hidden I wanted to highlight it in that small summary.

<img width="755" height="311" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0357a587-8afb-438a-9e2b-af36339c3f4d" />

> * Review [alert schema changes](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.19/alert-schema.html) if alerts are forwarded to an external SOAR, or if you directly query alert data in custom dashboards or tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Review [alert schema changes](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.19/alert-schema.html) if alerts are forwarded to an external SOAR, or if you directly query alert data in custom dashboards or visualizations.
```

Author: I explicitly wrote `tools` trying to refer to custom / external applications or "integrations" (not Elastic integrations) that might access the alerts data directly, but anyway it's not a big deal.
